Cosmetics in output, option -i added, internal structure optimized

Option -i ignores certain errors in loops, such that socklinger isn't
terminated if fork() fails etc.

Also a lot of internal things were improved (for option -i), such that
the code is much more cleaner now (I hope).

If you wonder where the 2.0.0 is, it's disguised in the 1.5.0 which
carries a wrong version number.

<b>Some notes to version numbers in case you wonder:</b>

Versioning is major.minor.revision with all numbers start at 0 (or
sometimes sub-zero).

The major number is incremented only for important changes, such like
important changes in commandline arguments, internal
incompatibilities, complete rewrites or (official) stable releases.
However if something is heavily beta or very incomplete it stays at
it's major (0 usually) and the minor takes over this part.

From 1.4.1 to 1.5.0 there was such an important commandline change:
-5@:port does not work anymore, it must be given as "-- -5@:port",
because commandline options were introduced.  Therefor socklinger now
gets the major incremented, not because of internal restructuring in
this release but because of the changes done from 1.4.1 to 1.5.0.
However beeing a 2.x does not mean it's more stable or more debugged
than 1.x or 0.x versions, perhaps the 1.4.1 sometimes does a better
job, who knows.

Note that even if I completely rewrite most parts of a code but keep
the functionality the same, this means, that only the revision number
is incremented.  But often complete rewrites bring important changes,
then you will see the minor or major incremented instead.  But not in
this case.  The 1.5.0 just is wrongly numbered.

<b>Some notes to CygWin</b>

There are CygWin releases which need a fix befor socklinger compiles.
I don't know how to fix it else.  This is, you must create an empty
file named "getopt.h" in the build directory.  This can be done with
<pre>echo >getopt.h; make</pre>
Note that the includes inform about this fact under CygWin.
